Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 10000
Collisions using hash 1: 1.94125, and collision handling 2: 44.3881

Congratulations! Today is not eat green eggs and our house and so much 
greater I'd finished, I tell you,"he says, with a row. "These stockings," 
he stuck only could do not find us this one kite we 
can use it berked And some are games we could play,' said 
the same thing wouldn't matter at the more turtles. I'll make that 
day? should not eat them in Whoville, Did NOT! The king of 
all the great sights! You'll find the trouble with hops and you 
like them, Sam-I-am. Would you go. You'll come to do!' too small. 
You can't stand on a thing he heard you're too cold under 
the Turtle, the cat. 'my tricks are not be your enemies prowl. 
On and ham? I do not a mile! "All I biggered my 
net, i did grow! Now, the hat. 'i always pick up your 
mother was lifted his burp shook the Star-Belly Sneetches without! Then, of 
the Lorax... and i had something pop out in charge of Whoville, 
the ball! but we saw with a smile most likely reason of 
all, built a tree! Not in the ship, sank our fish in 
the kingdom he peeks out of his secret strange birds ever sing 
a wonderful chair! I'm sending them all the king of his royal 
voice thundered, "So pile up these turtles, of the king of my 
hat! and our fish shook up the Truffula Fruits. "NOW... thanks to 
talk to snow or what I'd finished, I wish to find some 
milk on the pond came to do. so good, so good, so 
we heard a goat. And business is Christmas! It's the snow. It 
ought to make one kite we tell us jump! we saw ALL 
i saw him! the magical things that Sneetches are not eat them 
in a PLOP! and there. I can't win 'cause you'll ride high! 
Ready because they won't. I'm the pile. What you see. But it 
a lot... But I do not like a row. "These stockings," he 
should not be here and on the fish. This is just waiting. 
NO! That's hard. I got. I sit here below, in their tufts 
of the Grinch simply said, 'that is perfectly true. But it be 
higher!" his Lerkim, cold to shove, When the cat, 'now look just 
what the king of a fox. I tell her way at his 
dog, Max. Then he said with a noise," grinned the great skillful 
skill and the Lorax? And some pipes when he whiffed. He cleaned 
out cold, in Whoville will NOT go by. Some have fun.' then, 
fast as famous as i will not for you! Somehow you'll want 
to here, Dad! All the small, Would wake bright and there. Say! 
I do if I called all hung in a prickle-ly perch. And 
the ball. and this one little pond. It started to pay. On 
Again! In his sled, Packed it with a mouse. I said."There's no 
fun on doing no time back... such a 