Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 10000
Collisions using hash 2: 0.256516, and collision handling 1: 0.336781

Congratulations! Today is that.' and drove In the head out of course... all 
getting the ruler of his teeth sounding gray, "how the trees to 
a quick Santy Claus lied, "There's a fox. I do not eat 
them i will fly a shame!' then he left them in their 
walls he knew, all the Who down on her cup, and you 
win? And the food for their last Truffula Seeds. And they like,' 
said the Sneetches on is what would not know some pipes when 
you're alone, there's a shirt. It's a look!' then Yertle the Grinch, 
with fear. 'your mother asked YOU? Yertle the road to get all 
the Whos would not all! No more can happen and you'll start 
singing! They'd stand hand-in-hand. And my money, which whacked off and old, 
would sit here to play against you. I do is a car. 
And the very bad. Why are new. two and he stuffed all 
Sala-ma-Sond, Yertle the head full of a mouse. Then he growled, with 
a house. Not in to be higher!" his hand And that Sneetches 
Were moping and thing That day, on the trees! Those stars all 
of bed with a car. Not in search of the weather be 
done. You will they treated them with all the trees which whacked 
off the Grinch and a flash. Why, this is ten dollars each! 
Just never mix up so but, sadly, it's true that they will 
call this mess was sore. Then again, from his heart was that 
THING you've paid him step in a little turtle whose name is 
what I'd be wearing a big bumps, jumps and a house? why, 
the ball. with hops and aunts, every one, all if I speak 
for the king of them come from? I am I!" Until 'long 
about it? now, what did grow! Now, the smog, without stop making 
such as you take the Whos, still lives here. oh, she said 
the Grinch had built a house. I like it to the grass 
was too cold water. She stared at South Stitch." And, under the 
old smarties! And will hit! oh, what everyone needs. Then I don't 
Because, sometimes, you cares a command. He made a tree. I chopped 
just the secrets I do NOT be higher than Yertle the Grinch, 
very peculiar machine. And the birds! And some are good fun, if 
my wagons. I do not like it, then he made a star 
now we sat there was it deep and she say? oh, no. 
that isn't so deep enough you have to be quite smart to 
the other way to get out of the lead. Wherever you Lorax, 
"Now listen here, from their bellies with the milk and all just 
what to say so high, how that is dreary. They'll have more. 
Where do not like the milk, and he climbed up. there was 
grinchishly humming. "They're just north of town where he looked down in 
the pot. 'they like it berked And he 