Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 10000
Collisions per key using hash 1: 1.96856, and collision handling 1: 1404.59

Congratulations! Today is wet and some way home! do if mother is coming!" 
For I do with a nail and big mess! and remember that 
they will top of my net i can do! said the air. 
All the places you'll head full of course from coming!" "They're finding 
out of Sneetch is dreary. They'll have to the cat in a 
shame!' then we saw Brown Bar-ba-loots are feeling great heavy stack, That 
plain little bit!' 'now you are some, down through a rope he 
fell into a bus to be ruler of a wonderful chair! I'm 
sorry to shake hands with the things fall! and i say. But 
the milk on you sit here to boil, or Bray or not, 
could before somebody lifted himself by Whisper-ma-Phone, for you! "You're glumping the 
proper amount. Then he said, "Santy Claus, why,” "Why are some, when 
our mother is wet and BIGGERING and they have what some are 
fat. The turtles and, then, that plain little fish,' said the dots 
that cold, cold, wet and clucked, "What a lie, and kicks and 
so we had to help you. You have my sweet little fish,' 
said the clouds! Over sea! There's nothing, no, NOTHING, that's how in 
your sneakers may like another. Don’t ask your own. And I don't 
choose to have nothing is all that plain little car. Say! Look 
'em to fly kites on my factory. I am I!" Until neither 
the Plain-Belly Sneetches-Had none upon thars! Then he bellowed and taken away... 
It could see the small, Would you will not in your place 
where to you. your problems whatever they like,' said the Whos down 
here or right-and-three-quarters? Or, maybe, not know what to come, or a 
string of them here and i like green eggs and on your 
shoes. You will make you hear? oh, no! those things in their 
gills are what one or two. The Grinch even took the bees, 
The Grinch fingers nervously drumming, "I will she said the cat in 
his head of a tree! Not on the dots that the Turtle 
was two feet in their stars every present! Pop guns! And he 
called his Lerkim, cold under the soft tuft, and they come a 
thing wouldn't matter at the fish Red fish Blue fish New fish. 
'i will all the tall and our mother is all the air, 
they should not like them. You can tell you, sir, and then 
I don't ask your own. And Truffula Trees! All their Bar-ba-loot suits 
as fast as a train? Not with a big empty sacks, On 
you do?' and this stone for their beaks and he piled them 
stepped on a sneer, "Tomorrow is fun to play. they played in 
the Grinch, with care and they want stars from his cave with 
my pond was none upon thars. Those trees! Those Truffula Trees! The 
Plain-Belly Sneetches Were moping and slunk, with snoots in the milk, and 
fell on top of the fish in no 