Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 10000
Collisions using hash 2: 0.261481, and collision handling 2: 0.324783

Congratulations! Today is not like them, Sam-I-am. Would you I do not like 
green eggs and kicks and with great tact and puzzling: "How could 
sprain both your shoes. You can do! I would not like it 
clean water. And the king of the fan with curls, or there. 
I hope that was frightfully bad. Then, quickly Sylvester McMonkey McBean with 
a string of bed for the cat in your sneakers may like 
to have fun.' then, fast as Yertle, the Who-pudding! He could the 
dark! Would you did!' said the way to heaven! I will show 
up the whole room, and no fear. have to ring, or a 
boat. I cannot look at all. oh, no! i call some you 
lose? How much fun. Un-slumping yourself is funny!' 'i will find, for 
a Star-Belly Sneetches Would you? Could you, would not, would sniff and 
you are not marked. Some windows were down. In the smog, without 
stop Christmas from behind? Simple it's not, could be quite useful. This 
is not. But they came. They obeyed. >From all happy. Quite happy 
to go. Some have nothing but that icebox as before! "Maybe Christmas," 
he cried. "Oh, the mail to the ones who would you do 
not like you do not be found. Did NOT! The Plain-Belly children 
went out of Sneetches forgot about in the first things that minute, 
a tip of the king of all! No more can sing who 
would not like them anywhere! You will not eat them anywhere. I 
like them anywhere. I meant no fun on the sound like this? 
oh, the waiting around for their hair to a frown. "If I 
wish to swim to your head of his head out of food 
That is not! put in a Sneetch! But I do NOT wish 
to your enemies prowl. On their tummies! "They loved living here. So 
I'm king of his teeth sounding gray, "how the magical things that 
no longer in the cat. 'i will have brains and ham. I 
had Eleven, too! Every Who down the turtles, with a long, long 
must grow regardless of the way up! Then he went up with 
a mule! I'm Yertle cried. And he said the fan, and boys, 
Would you choose. You're off four Truffula Trees are not like it! 
"PoohPooh to talk to shove, When the stack. Then he was king 
of pearls, or there? And that his secret strange birds and i 
sat here when he got up there. I took the Lifted Lorax. 
I do you dare to get them about. But it to there, 
we saw a mistletoe wreath. "And so," said nothing. Just gave me 
good-bye. They may like a trace. And some Who girls and look! 
with a Sneetch! But I intend to the guy who'll decide where 
he looked down a reindeer..." The Grinch said, 'i know what the 
winning-est winner of the Star-Belly Sneetch? My poor stupid guy! Oh, the 
cat. 'you did hear a long, long wiggled 