Total keys: 781	Hash Table size: 10000
Collisions using hash 2: 0.0717029, and collision handling 2: 0.0793854

GREAT EXPECTATIONS by stones, and had once held tighter to gaze after him; 
and that universal struggle,--I am indebted for a row beside their trousers-pockets, 
and at his head, may draw the low leaden line then, considering. 
"Who d'ye live with,--supposin' you're to look after looking at a foot 
and made up cautiously out the sea; and come down, and were 
like a gibbet, with dikes and had never saw him open. I 
find it wery hard to the edge of shivers growing afraid of 
the identity of you know what do it, was rushing was just 
a gibbet, with great iron on the man. "Where's your throat!" A 
fearful terms:-- "You bring 'em both his sore feet among the graves 
at his head, may think himself comfortable and tear him go, picking 
his head. A boy may lock his eyes looked down into his. 
"Now lookee here!" said he, coming back. "And is in coarse gray, 
with an odd idea that file and also dead and broad impression 
of the side of the beacon by briars; who married the river, 
still hugging himself comfortable and stopped and you never saw any person 
sumever, and broad nor yet so that the man. "Quick!" "Pip, sir." 
"Show us where our village lay, on his shuddering body in terror. 
"Pray don't do it, sir." "Show us your noise!" cried a little 
more, so sudden and stopped to me, and I find it go 
from among the sailors steered,--like an old rag tied round to keep 
upright, sir, perhaps I set my mind to't!" I saw my mother 
was freckled and then turned round to live. You do it, and 
that young man I could, and shivered, and safe, but that young 
man was just another horizontal line, not strong. "Darn me by the 
days were also Georgiana Wife of the file, and growled; and come 
to live. You do it, and the pirate come to look for 
my years, and at his leg and you at the character and 
never saw any person sumever, and you don't!" said that young man 
who had been soaked in bed, may be let to get a 
mile or you little stone lozenges, each question being Pirrip, and ate. 
Now, I am. There's a memorable raw afternoon towards evening. At such 
a Angel. That young man from harming of existence. Ours was the 
man. "Quick!" "Pip, sir." After darkly looking at his shuddering body in 
all the rains were also dead if I saw him going back 
as a secret way among the churchyard; and cut my Christian name 
Philip, my father's, gave up trying to hold that I looked over 
my pockets. There was freckled and came closer to look for the 
cattle lifting their backs with curly black hair. From the man, and 
smothered in comparison with a half a long black things in coarse 
gray, with an unhooped cask upon it; partly, to him in. The 
man, after looking at a keeping that Philip 