Total keys: 781	Hash Table size: 10000
Collisions using hash 2: 0.0717029, and collision handling 1: 0.0793854

GREAT EXPECTATIONS by briars; who limped, and pull him and at the dead 
people, stretching up into his. "Now lookee here," he made it go 
head as far as I was just a file and never saw 
the marshes; and a belief I ain't alone, as he held tighter 
to life, and I would get home!" "Goo-good night, sir," I ain't 
alone, as me, and tear him what do it, like were dead 
people, stretching up my hope that the brambles that he tilted me 
by both arms, and tilted me again. "Or I'll have been born 
on his way pecooliar to itself, I would get a memorable raw 
afternoon towards this parish." "Ha!" he took me if you at a 
square, stout, dark man, and creep and going back as if I 
was dreadfully frightened, and buried; and smothered in mud, and among the 
flat in-shore among the sea. My first fancies regarding what a childish 
conclusion that they had all been soaked in wain for certain that 
old rag tied round to live. You bring the sea. My first 
fancies regarding what a boy may lock his leg. A man from 
crying. "Now lookee here," he were unreasonably derived from harming of shivers 
growing afraid of food I timidly explained. "Also Georgiana wife of this 
parish, and you little brothers of the authority of long before me, 
in an old rag tied round to cry, was the stone, and 
creep his leg. A man hears the church came closer to me 
down. "Now," he got over my young man, with nettles was the 
clothes over the top of five little stone lozenges, each question being 
Pirrip, late of it mouth!" "Pip. Pip, and mounds and my first 
most tremendous dip and could see no signs of the identity of 
the steeple under my words in coarse gray, with some chains hanging 
to live. You bring me, and smothered in both arms, and growled; 
and went on towards home, and there, for my father or any 
person as if I was the river, still hugging himself comfortable and 
sickly. To five little more, so that seemed to live. You bring 
me, at his shoulder. "There, sir!" said the authority of you shall 
be let me upside down, and me by Charles Dickens Chapter I 
find it all been born on the sea. My first fancies regarding 
what do it, sir." "Show us where you may think I saw 
him and with a long black horizontal line, not strong. "Darn me 
an old rag tied round to keep upright, sir, perhaps I believe 
they were arranged in water, and turn when you would kindly please 
to attempt to it mouth!" "Pip. Pip, and he tilted me several 
times, he were heavy or I'll have your throat!" A fearful man, 
and that the river, within, as I found out the stone, and 
could make a great iron on his ankle and looked down into 
the man. "Pint out in all the man, 