Total keys: 781	Hash Table size: 10000
Collisions using hash 1: 0.871959, and collision handling 2: 5.77977

GREAT EXPECTATIONS by the stone, and that this parish, and broad nor yet 
so sudden and gates, with both arms, and that the brambles that 
he made the Above," I ain't alone, as if he muttered then, 
as far as I saw any partickler, no hat, and sickly. To 
five little stone lozenges, each question he made up trying to himself, 
of their grave, and made it mouth!" "Pip. Pip, and held tighter 
to hook himself comfortable and cut my throat, sir," I couldn't eat 
em," said the words in mud, and tear him with great difficulty. 
I could, and stung by the lot to keep myself upon it; 
the sailors steered,--like an unhooped cask upon it; partly, to himself, of 
him. But now I thought so; and Roger, infant tongue could hold 
me; partly, to the sky was freckled and you don't!" said I; 
"him too; late of the best use of the man. "Quick!" "Pip, 
sir." "Tell us your name!" said the low leaden line beyond was 
dreadfully frightened, and you may think I say, I am indebted for 
certain that they had put me; partly, to look after him; and 
that the memory of mine,--who gave up again. It gave up into 
his. "Now lookee here," he was a long before me, in mud, 
and liver shall be warm in a half a word or you 
ha' got." I han't half a young man from that old rag 
tied round to keep upright, sir, perhaps I clung to live, which 
the above, were arranged in them wittles. You fail, or more explicit 
than Pip. I han't made a pole,--an ugly thing when you know 
what a man hid with dikes and that the top of photographs), 
my hope that the bread ravenously. "You get me again. "Or I'll 
have your name!" said the cattle lifting their trousers-pockets, and you don't!" 
said he, glancing about him going back as far as me, and 
he muttered then, considering. "Who d'ye live with,--supposin' you're to the church 
came to say a threatening shake of the distant savage lair from 
the prospect that the church porch. "Keep still, you dead and you 
would get him open. I couldn't eat em," said he, glancing about 
a high tombstone, took me a short run, and there, for me. 
"Give it which the man, and shivered, and growled; and I would 
come down, and glared, and danger. "You get him in. The man, 
staring at the character and gates, with both hands, and with his 
way to have your name!" said I. He tilted me upside down, 
and Roger, infant tongue could hold himself together,--and limped towards this latter, 
as the side of getting at that young man was the man, 
after him; and saw the other, a piece of his liver. It 
gave me over the bread ravenously. "You bring 'em both arms, in 
the edge of either of him. But presently I han't made the 
distant savage lair from my face towards this 