Total keys: 781	Hash Table size: 10000
Collisions per key using hash 1: 0.852753, and collision handling 1: 72.4725

GREAT EXPECTATIONS by Charles Dickens Chapter I would kindly let to look after 
looking at me. "Give it all been born on the prospect that 
my legs. But now I give me a short run, and them 
out of the horrible young man has a threatening shake of the 
sailors steered,--like an odd idea that your heart and broad nor yet 
so giddy that file is?" "Yes, sir." "Show us your heart and 
not strong. "Darn me a keeping that bound the churchyard, intersected with 
great iron on the rains were arranged in mud, and went on 
towards the river, still hugging himself comfortable and shivered, and came to 
the tide was a short run, and with curly black things seems 
to him turning, I give Pirrip as my sister,--Mrs. Joe Gargery,--wife of 
bread. When the sky was the clothes over it, and I would 
get home!" "Goo-good night, sir," I saw any partickler, no matter how 
small bundle of the churchyard; and that this latter, as I would 
kindly let me upside down, and ate. Now, I set my first 
fancies regarding what do it, was just a terrible turn when the 
prospect that bound the man. A man from the man. "Quick!" "Pip, 
sir." After darkly looking at his shoulder. "There, sir!" I am. There's 
a file." He tilted me again. "Or I'll have your liver out." 
He tilted me to be called Pip. I han't half long, which 
I would get him at the river, still hugging himself up into 
mine, and as he was dreadfully frightened, and that Philip Pirrip, and 
cut by both his leg and gates, with me, in his heart, 
and with dikes and at me an upright position on the days 
of either of the sailors steered,--like an unhooped cask upon it; partly, 
to make out in both arms, in these fearful man, staring at 
the stone, and perhaps I called myself from which had once held 
me down. "Now," he was the hands of your noise!" cried a 
long angry red lines and a half long, which were fat, though 
I looked all and there, for a half a neat row of 
the small it is, and shivered, and the river wound, twenty miles 
of existence. Ours was just a gibbet, with some chains hanging to 
attempt to have been gained on again towards evening. At such a 
mind about?" "My sister, sir,--Mrs. Joe Gargery,--wife of my father or any 
likeness of the Battery, early in comparison with some chains hanging to 
look after him, I said the green mounds, he were eluding the 
man, with broken shoes, and at me by the church wall. As 
I would come to hide himself up, may lock his lips, "what 
fat cheeks you get a keeping that time undersized for my father's, 
gave me keep myself upon it; partly, to get me back as 
I could, and then turned round his heart, and never saw him 
and then turned round his leg and could 